---
path: /legal/us/terms/
seoTitle: Terms of Service
seoDescription: These Terms of Service
title: US Terms of Service
---
 These Terms of Service (this “Agreement”) govern access to and use of the Application (defined below) and Services (defined below) which are provided to you by Bamboo 1 Limited, with offices at \[  ] (“Bamboo”, “we”, “our” or “us”).  This Agreement constitutes a legally binding agreement between you (defined below) and Bamboo.  You also should review our [Privacy Policy](https://www.getbamboo.io/legal/us/privacy-policy/), which governs how we gather, use, disclose, and process personal information provided to us through the Application and Services.  

By accessing and using the Application in any manner, you represent that: (1) you have read, understand and agree to be bound by this Agreement, (2) you are of legal age to form a binding contract with Bamboo, (3) you are an individual user resident in one of the U.S. states listed on Annex A, and you otherwise meet the eligibility requirements listed in Section ‎2.1 of this Agreement; and (4) you have the authority to enter in the Agreement personally. 

In connection with your use of the Application, you will be given the opportunity to receive services from certain third parties that are not affiliated with or under the control of Bamboo (each, a “Third Party Vendor” and such services, “Third Party Services”).  Third Party Services are provided to you by the Third Party Vendors, and not Bamboo, under the terms of service specified by the applicable Third Party Vendor. With respect to certain Third Party Services, you must agree to the terms of service of these Third Party Vendors in order to receive any Services from Bamboo, as described in Section 5.2 to this Agreement.  IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO READ AND UNDERSTAND THE THIRD PARTY VENDOR’S TERMS OF SERVICE BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONCERNING YOUR BAMBOO ACCOUNT, INCLUDING LIMITATIONS, REVERSALS, ARBITRATION PROVISIONS, AND YOUR RELEVANT RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES.  If you do not agree to the terms of service for a Third Party Service, you will not have access to that Third Party Service, and in some cases this will result in you being unable to use some or all of the features the Bamboo Application.